Hey, good morning family.
Thank you for joining me today.
Praise the Lord.
Well, I've seen a lot today.
Just like I always do, I take communion and I drive around and pray in the spirit.
I passed the fire station on my right, and as I passed it, I heard '911, 911.
' I saw the emergency responders responding to an emergency: major turbulence ahead.
I looked at the fire station and I thought, 'Lord, what's going on?
' All of a sudden, I went into deep groaning and travail in the spirit, praying in the spirit.
The Lord started to speak to me very strongly.
He started showing me a Pearl Harbor event as we see in the days ahead.
China is becoming desperate, and North Korea is becoming desperate, wanting out from underneath the Western boot.
I saw North Korea—because they are the social pariah—becoming the person rising up to become the bully.
Does that make sense?
It's like the head mafia guy who has his little thugs underneath him that do the bidding for the head mafia leader.
Like the Godfather, and then the Godfather has henchmen.
He has the guys underneath him that carry out the bad things.
China was the Godfather, and North Korea was the hitman.
That's what I was seeing; it's the only way I can describe what I saw.
I saw North Korea being the pawn because of the political side of China having its fingers in all the different countries.
They didn't want to be looked at as the bad guy for what's about to take place.
But I kept hearing when I was praying, 'Remember Pearl Harbor.
Remember Pearl Harbor.
' I said, 'Lord, I know that Japan was with Pearl Harbor and all that.
' And He said, 'This will be a type and shadow in the days ahead.
Remember this.
' As I was interceding, the Lord was showing me even deeper into the Asian culture as a whole.
They think differently than the Western culture.
Do you know what I'm saying?
That's the only way I can describe this to you.
It's kind of like how the African American culture thinks differently than the white American culture.
Does that make sense?
Everybody thinks it's just culture, but I saw in this the Asians sticking with their culture, trying to preserve what they believe and their family ties.
It's a very Asian thing.
I saw China being backed into a hole, and I saw a great depression, a financial infrastructure crumbling.
As this happened, they didn't want to lose their 'Asianness,' their culture, or what they believed in.
So they were in a place like a samurai warrior ready to turn its sword on itself.
You want to die with honor; you don't want to die looking disgraceful.
That's the way it seemed.
They were banding together as Asian cultures—North Korea trying to bring in South Korea in these demonic spirits, trying to bring in Vietnam and the Philippines, all coming together to combat the Western culture.
This was part of the vision that I was seeing.
I kept hearing 'Pearl Harbor' echoing in the spirit, a retaliation.
Then the Lord showed me Canada.
I started praying for Canada, and the Lord showed me the scales.
They have been weighed and found lacking because of the way the people voted.
Not all Canadians voted this way.
Let me say this very clearly: not all Canadians voted this way, but the majority...
I told you all, the Lord said, 'Pray that it's too big to rig.
' But the majority were for going left, into darkness—not conservative, but for darkness.
Because of this decision, there was a scale that was tipped in the spirit realm.
(That was real thunder as I say this.
) Wow, Lord, I hear you.
This is so serious.
I saw the balance of the scales, and because of the decisions that were made to go the ungodly way with sexual perversion, laws, and things that would be put into place, I saw: 'You want this, you can have it.
' I saw a new type of STD, a new venereal disease that had never been seen before, which is very gross.
This is what I saw coming through certain practices.
Because I know I have children watching me, I'm trying to be careful how I say this because I have pure ears listening.
Certain practices are ungodly.
Because of these ungodly acts and the reprobate mind wanting to go this way, the scales in the spirit realm were weighed and found lacking.
This goes for America also.
I saw it up by Quebec, and it infiltrated into New York, Boston, and these major cities—a new venereal disease that has never been known before, worse than the AIDS virus.
Do you understand what I'm trying to say?
This is a new virus coming onto the scene.
I saw judgment begin even in Japan concerning the trafficking coming up from Mexico.
And I saw, because of touching the children and the young people, this venereal disease will make them eunuchs because of the infection.
I saw so much infection that they have to do something because there's no cure for it.
It's a new type of virus, a very serious virus that is transmitted through...
This is very serious.
I saw such a darkness, and the anger of the Lord was so strong.
I thought I was going to vibrate out of my car as He spoke.
The anger was like the thunder above my heavens right now.
It was that loud, as I hear the rain and the hail.
It was very strong—the rebuke and the warning coming from the Father.
He told me, 'Because of these things that you are seeing, decisions have been made.
' Decisions have been made, and you will see a judgment coming on these circumstances because of sexual promiscuity.
I know I probably butchered it, but I try with my English.
This is what I saw.
Then I saw a mega-earthquake from British Columbia all the way down to San Francisco.
It was an earthquake so massive and devastating on the West Coast that it shook the foundation of the earth.
I heard the Spirit of the Lord say, 'This earthquake will be so violent and powerful that it will be off all the Richter scales.
' A seismic wave will go and be felt clear into Africa and all around the world.
They will feel the seismic earthquake all throughout the countries and all throughout the whole world.
It will pick up and be so strong that what is about to take place on the West Coast will be felt all throughout the world.
I saw buildings fall.
I saw major skyscrapers falling in British Columbia, all along the seaboard—I saw them fall into the water.
I saw massive destruction.
And I heard the number: 50,000 people will perish from city to city.
50,000.
I saw such a great shaking going through Portland, Oregon and through Seattle.
I saw that because of the reprobate mind, the cup of sin is full.
You say, 'Well, what about grace?
' But the Lord said, 'Brandon, there is a holding back right now, for the Great Tribulation is trying to kick off.
Do you understand?
But I'm giving one last call to leave the ninety-nine and go after the one.
And there will be a great harvest of souls, Brandon, for you are My great harvesters.
' He saved the best for last, ladies and gentlemen—the ones who are on fire and seeking Him right now.
I felt the Father's heart concerning this: the concern and the longing for the children He knows are just on the edge of making the best decision they could ever make.
He is going after them.
He knows the hearts that are so hardened they are not ready versus the ones that are just teetering.
They are right there, and He's just like, "If I could just get one second with them underneath the glory, I know they would change and they wouldn't perish for eternity.
" I saw the Earth as a whole, and the Lord warned me, "The Great Tribulation is at hand, Brandon.
This is worse than what anyone in any generation could ever comprehend.
For this is the cup of wrath, worse than it was on Sodom and Gomorrah, and worse than ancient Rome when it was judged, when all these major civilizations were judged.
This is worse because the cup of sin is full.
" He said, "It's not just one nation, Brandon.
This is a worldwide corruption.
" It was so dirty when I saw it.
I could see Jesus's blood on the altar, and the blood was crying out for people to repent and turn from their wicked ways, to humble themselves and repent.
But many people are still walking in a "soupy grace," thinking, "I live the way I want to.
Jesus forgives it all.
I'm going to live like a heathen and live like the world because Jesus covers it.
Once saved, always saved, brother.
" They want to live like a hellion and believe they're going to make it because they've tried to live a compromising lifestyle, seeking after righteousness and holiness while living in bars and clubs, then saying, "Oh, I repent.
I don't need to go to church; I am the church.
I don't have to support the congregation.
" I understand if you don't have a church in your local area because of the "knuckleheads" there and you watch on YouTube—I used to have to do that when my daughter was first diagnosed with autism.
But I'm talking about those who willingly have no excuse and say, "I'd rather go to the beach.
God isn't convenient for me.
Jesus isn't convenient.
I like living the way I want to live.
" Woe unto you for the shaking that's about to take place.
I saw a great shaking of earthquakes.
We are in a time of metamorphosis.
A great acceleration is on the land.
Just as a caterpillar is changed in the cocoon, there will be great change.
I have a great outcry inside myself to warn you: get your heart right before the Lord Jesus Christ before it's too late.
Many will go to sleep one night and won't wake up the next day.
I saw judgment beginning in the house of the Lord first.
I saw many politicians doing bad things with trafficking; they will not be here anymore.
You're going to see big businessmen and celebrities who were once here suddenly gone.
Judgment's coming.
The cup of sin is full.
Many say, "Brandon, I don't believe all that.
" Watch.
You touched the children, and God's anger is upon this.
The decisions made even in Canada—the thunders were rolling above.
The Lord told me, "Brandon, this is no more.
I watch the hearts, and the majority are corrupt before Me.
" I saw a shaking of the economies and the land with great earthquakes and devastation.
You need to hear me: a new venereal disease is coming, and it is nasty.
They will not know how to deal with it, similar to HIV.
It will be all over the news with boils and pus.
It's awful because you've touched what is unholy through bestiality.
These things were tied to goats and animals in the Middle East.
It's disgusting.
But because of a reprobate mind and sexual perversion, it opened the door for this new virus.
If you're practicing this stuff, you better repent.
It will come on you and there is no cure; it will eventually kill you in a very painful way because you opened the door through these practices, like LGBTQ and all this other stuff.
Many will be angry, but you're part of the problem.
As a watchman, I tell you: there's a Pearl Harbor experience coming in retaliation, like a dog backed into a corner.
We must pray for a three-month window.
I saw a three-month window of no supplies.
Again, the Lord warned me about this.
There's a remnant that has kept this from totally taking over—those who pray daily and turn from their wicked ways.
He said, "Brandon, you're my beloved.
" He loves us so much and said there is great joy, acceleration, and growth for you.
Jesus loves you.
Judgment is beginning.
It's not far off; it was shaking like thunder in the spirit realm, coming up through California.
And going to Japan, which I don't understand.
I kept seeing Japan.
What is this about Japan?
Businessmen.
It was disgusting.
The Lord said, "This will be known as the earthquake heard around the world.
" I don't know if that's headlines in the newspaper, on the news, or on the internet, but this will be known as the earthquake heard around the world.
Remember, I've seen major cyber attacks coming.
I don't know exactly when, but it was during the summer months.
I don't know if it's this summer or next summer.
So, don't say, "Well, nothing happened this summer.
" If nothing happened—I see in part, hear in part.
I don't know; I can't pinpoint when.
I've been trying, and it's only by me pressing in harder and harder.
It takes me time praying.
What I've gotten today is from spending time at his throne.
I don't spend time with him to get something; I spend time with him because I want to know his heart.
I want to know him.
I let you into a lot of private things about us.
Is it really necessary?
I don't know.
I just try to be real with you all because I want you to know I'm just human, just like you.
I've got stuff I'm believing for, just like you are.
We're still believing for a lot of things.
We're still believing for my daughter's healing.
We're still believing for what God has called us to do on a deeper level.
Do you know everybody is a work in progress?
Every one of us.
Every one of us has something you're believing for.
God is no respecter of persons, and what he'll do for one, he'll do for another.
But he is a respecter of faith.
And he is a holy God.
The more I seek him and the more I spend at his feet, the more I realize how holy he truly is.
And—I'm going to be real with you—he is scary.
He is a mighty God.
I don't say scary as in, "Oh no, he's evil.
" I'm saying scary because he is holy and he is a righteous God, and he is the "I Am that I Am.
" He's an all-consuming fire.
People are so blinded—blinded by their own lust and desires.
Like I said, a reprobate mind.
"Turning them over to a reprobate mind" is what the word says.
Out of your own desires and your own lust, you think, "Well, it's okay.
" Your heart has become so hardened to what God has told you to do, and yet you think you're on the right side and you don't even realize who you are anymore.
I saw them in secret meetings again.
I saw them in meetings, talking and whispering whispers of how to overcome Western culture.
They were all whispering together.
That means it was secret; they didn't want it to be let out—the plans they have to try to come out from underneath what they're going through right now.
But remember what I told you in prayer two nights ago when I was wearing the black shirt.
I saw a window—a curtain—because of the pressure of finances and an uprising of the people: a window of opportunity to go into that Iron Curtain and preach the gospel and get a harvest of souls.
And it went into North Korea because little Kimmy was removed.
He was removed, and his sister.
I saw them being removed like Pharaoh.
It was giving God time to minister through angelic encounters even more so to the North Korean people.
I don't know if there'll be actual missionaries that go in there through translation, like it talks about in the Bible, or if there'll be angelic ministers coming down.
When the Bible says we entertain angels unaware, I don't know.
It's just me assuming.
All I know is I saw angelic visitation to the North Koreans.
I saw angel armies coming to protect and help them on a scale beyond anybody's comprehension.
Millions of angels were coming.
I saw a window of opportunity that even North Korea will be reached.
China—in the depth, in the heart of China—many people will hear the gospel.
There's a great shaking coming, folks—a great shaking to awaken.
I pray this video blessed you today.
I know it's a heavy one, but I tell you what I see.
Let's take communion together and go before the Lord boldly.
Let's repent of our sins and turn from our wicked ways.
Let's believe God that he'll heal our land today, that a great financial harvest is coming so we can reach the lost for Jesus.
Great days of fun.
Brandon said, "What are the days of fun?
" Days of fun.
When you see people healed, that's fun to me.
He knows what he's saying when he's talking to me, saying, "Brandon, great days of fun.
" He knows.
I know.
We know what he's talking about when he says that stuff to me because I believe raising the dead is going to be fun.
Casting out devils is fun.
Healing the—laying hands on the sick and seeing them recover—is fun.
Arms growing out, eyes coming back, ears opening that were deaf, eyes coming open is fun.
When you see the people that were held captive for years finally get their victory, that's fun.
You think, "Well, I think having a billion dollars in the bank is fun.
" Your idea of fun and my idea of fun are two totally different things.
I'm not even—fun in the sun?
Are you kidding?
I'm talking about fun in the glory of the Son.
People want to know and email, "Are you talking about fun to be able to spend what we want and have jets?
" No.
Fun is laying hands on the sick and seeing them recover.
Somebody who has no teeth or hair getting teeth instantaneously?
Folks, that's fun.
That makes me want to run around the house right now thinking about it.
Arms growing out—do you understand?
Somebody who needs a brand new heart, God gives them a brand new heart and they're running around the building.
That's fun.
Days of great fun.
I need to clarify to you: what is fun to me probably is not going to be fun to a lot of people.
But I know what the Lord is saying.
"Brandon, great fun's coming," because he knows where my heart's at.
He knows what I look forward to.
The glory—the glory cloud, glory dust, whatever it may be—angel feathers, I don't know.
I'm just like, "Show me something cool from the other side.
" I want to see you, Lord, manifested in my presence and you becoming more real to me.
And that is fun.
Folks, we're going to spend an eternity, and I just want a glimpse of eternity.
I want to see the golden streets and all the things that he has prepared for me.
I want to see that.
I hear you, Lord—the thunder.
I don't know if that's picking up across the airwaves, but it's loud here.
Glory to God.
That's fun.
The glory of the Lord.
Arise and shine.
People say, "Well, we lost the election.
What are we going to do, Brother Brandon?
" Arise and shine, for the light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you.
This is time for the young Davids to take the land.
Not shrink back and go, "Well, we're moving.
We're going to get out of here.
" If God's called you to be there, be there and be the David and take the head of that giant.
God is looking for the people that will have a backbone like a crowbar right now, that will say, "Send me, here am I, Lord.
" That means there are millions of people that are about to go to hell in Canada.
They all voted wrong.
Do you understand?
So there has to be some righteous men and women there ready to be used as a conduit of the glory.
Let that electricity fire, the Holy Ghost fire, flow through you like a metal rod.
Lightning strikes metal.
Be the metal rod for the glory to hit.
Take it to the people in your neighborhoods because I'm telling you right now, they're about to see something that they never thought they would see because they voted with a reprobate mind.
Yeah, I believe the election was rigged in your country, but they couldn't rig it if there wasn't so much of a turnout for the wicked.
Does that make sense?
You can't rig something where there's a majority going that way.
If everybody would have gone with the good guys, then it would be way too big to rig, just like it was in America.
But if you have a bunch, you can hide the numbers a little bit like they did in 2020.
It becomes too hard when you catch their hand in the cookie jar, you know?
And that's what happens a lot.
Their hands get caught in the cookie jar if you find them.
And there has to be an outcry of the people saying enough is enough.
You are not doing this.
I saw people rioting in the days ahead because of the decisions.
When's the rioting going to take place?
When you see the decisions they're about to make to oppress you, when they try to take your freedoms away on a greater level.
Some people will rise up and say, 'Oh no,' like it was with your truckers whenever they blocked you during COVID, took away your trucking, and blocked your bank accounts.
People rise up and they had truckers.
Remember that?
If you do, Canada, you remember your truckers.
It's the same kind of thing.
There'll be an outcry.
There'll be people saying, 'We want to leave and we'll become the 51st state.
We're out of here.
' Remember, watch the days ahead.
It's going to be very interesting.
So, let's pray together and be that lightning rod that the glory runs through.
I want to be used for Jesus and that He is big on the inside of me in these days ahead.
Going to a lost and hurting nation.
People that are lost, they need us now.
The earth is going to be groaning for the manifested sons and daughters—for the manifestations of the sons and daughters of God.
Watch what happens.
The earth is going to start travailing deep within.
Lord, we take this body in the name of Jesus and we lift it up before You and we thank You, Lord, that You were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities.
The chastisement of our peace was upon You and with Your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And we receive that by faith, Father.
As we take this body, we receive it by faith.
We receive everything You have for us, and we receive it right now in Jesus' name.
Now, Lord, we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We take this blood right now in the name of Jesus and we thank You, Lord, that Your blood is covering our families, our houses, our finances.
We put a bloodline around our house.
We put a bloodline around our car.
We put a bloodline, Father, where the blood is applied, Satan cannot cross.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our families today.
And I say thus far and no further, Satan, you cannot touch my children.
You cannot touch my wife.
A curse without a cause cannot stand.
We have no cause.
Why is there no cause?
Because of the blood.
The blood causes no cause.
The curse without a cause cannot stand.
The Bible says a curse without a cause cannot.
Why?
Because of the blood.
I go underneath that blood.
There is no cause.
I am made righteous.
I am made whole because of You.
I am a joint heir with Jesus Christ.
I'm seated with You in the heavenlies, far above all principalities and powers.
Do you understand?
We are seated with Him.
He pulls up a chair right beside Him and says, 'Sit down, buddy.
Sit down, sister.
Sit down, son.
' Whatever.
I said, 'Yes, Daddy.
I'm here.
I'm your son.
I'm your daughter.
I sit with You according to Ephesians.
' But it was only by this blood that made you able to do that.
The blood speaks for me at that mercy seat and the courtroom of heaven.
Jesus, I plead the blood over my sin.
Thank you, Lord, and that I will escape the wrath to come.
And I thank You, Lord, for the blood of Jesus Christ right now.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm free.
Thank you, Lord, for he whom the Son has set free is free indeed.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord, for You are good and Your mercy endures forever.
And we come boldly into Your throne right now.
And we get ready.
We will intercede and pray for our lands, that Australia will vote right and South Korea will vote right.
There are so many other elections; people give me a list all the time.
Email us: 'Will you pray for this country?
Will you pray for that?
' We believe that God's going to turn your nation around.
You have to believe it.
Even whenever I see in a vision that Canada is going to go the way that it did, I still believe and pray.
It's our job to pray.
We're going to pray even if I see it.
Oh, and I found out—the Lord showed me because I said, 'Braden, when does Jerome Powell—when can we get rid of him?
' and it's May of 2026.
And I was like, 'Oh no, we need him out of here this year.
' But Trump can't fire him and it's just like I thought.
So we hear You, Lord.
The earth is shaking.
You know, what do you say we just pray that God convicts Jerome Powell and that they fix our economy as best as we can, and that things go as best as they need to go right now with him in there?
I don't know what to say.
I'm just like, 'Oh my goodness.
' This whole thing is like one of those sitcoms or TV shows.
So, if you remember what I said—the earthquakes.
There's so much pressure going on in the earth right now that I saw relief points in the volcanoes.
The lava, the magma, and all the things that are going on underneath the surface—there's a releasing point and that will happen in Italy.
I saw in a vision another major eruption coming to Italy, releasing points with volcanoes because of the pressure that's going on in the earth's crust.
And this is a time of great shifting.
There are things that are happening with the pressure on the earth for some reason that the Lord showed me.
We will have major earthquakes and there'll be volcanoes starting to go off as release points because of the pressure in what's going on underneath the soil.
Not just on the ocean floor, but you'll see it in civilization, right?
Not just in the water, but I'm telling you, release points, major stuff.
And I saw Alaska.
I saw Yellowstone.
Yellowstone, danger zone.
You're going to see major stuff happen with Yellowstone.
I'm telling you, the earth is travailing.
The earth is having birthing pains right now and it's going to show up in the natural.
You're going to see this.
So, I just wanted to let you all know: Japan, a major earthquake, a major volcano.
Watch in the days ahead.
Great shaking is about to take place.
All right.
Well, let's pray.
And I'm just going to pray in the spirit.
I prayed in English in the last video for the people who don't pray in the spirit.
And so in this video, I'm trying to do like every other video, trying to be accommodating to all the other beliefs that want to pray but they only understand English.
And you can't translate tongues in the AI.
So Braden says for those people, it's very hard to translate those videos.
So I do them back-to-back; I try to flip it around for people.
I get more out of praying in tongues than I do in English.
And so, I appreciate the people who want to stick around that know how to pray and pray with me in the spirit.
Okay.
So, we're just going to pray for a minute.
I'll see where the Holy Spirit goes.
If we don't go anywhere, whatever, I just follow Him.
I'm at His command.
'What do you need me to do, Father?
' Okay.
So, Father, we just give You praise and glory and I yield over to You if there's anything You want to show us.
If there's anything that needs to be done to help, we yield and we have anticipation that we are able to do something huge for You today, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Father, you are the leader.
You lead the dance, and we'll follow.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
You lead, we follow.
It's a dance.
I heard him say, 'It's a dance, Brandon.
' I'm seeing Germany right now.
It's what's going on in Europe right now.
It's all about Europe right now.
Lord, I'm all in Europe.
I'm seeing all of Europe and all of the countries in Europe.
I just saw a flash before me: 'World War III' in black letters written across Europe.
Now I'm seeing France stand out.
I see France's flag.
I see Macron.
Press into that.
Our tongues are going around this World War III thing.
I see France and Germany standing out.
The Lord said, 'Camp here.
' And I just heard, 'NATO, NATO.
' It's almost like troublemakers, huh?
Don't pick a fight.
Now, this is interesting.
I see Ukraine, but I see a bundle of hay-like substance with a white cloth around it, and it's pointing towards France.
It looks like grains of wheat tied with a knot.
I see the whole wheat stems pointed in a bundle, and it's coming out of Ukraine for wheat crops.
I know it's more than that.
He said, 'Don't look at the representation of that.
' It's symbolic.
I see Obama's face, but it's faded out.
It was up north by Warsaw.
He was becoming translucent, not a strong presence anymore.
The Lord said, 'Less influence.
' Now I see Trump and he's bold.
He has red, white, and blue on, like Uncle Sam, with a blue jacket and a pinstriped shirt.
He's on a plane.
I hear the word 'diplomacy.
' The past administration is fading away, and this new administration is coming in with diplomacy.
There was trade pointed toward France with wheat.
Now I'm seeing fish filleted for eating in Ukraine.
I'm hearing minerals and deals being struck.
I see President Trump making deals.
I see Kiev.
I see diplomacy, bringing up the mineral deal, bringing up earthen things: earth, sea, fish, and wheat.
I see economy and an infrastructure of economy.
NATO.
I'm hearing 'Art of the Deal.
' I see Russia provoked, extending into North Korea and China.
They're like two brothers back there.
North Korea, China, and Iran are forming stronger alliances.
Russia is a middleman for these others.
There's a dividing line between Russia and NATO, and Trump is the negotiator in the middle riding on an eagle.
There will be deals struck in the days ahead.
deal struck.
Pray for peace.
I see a storm on the horizon with Putin playing a hand of cards: poker.
A five-card draw.
He's playing with a poker face.
He's hiding behind the cards.
He wants the whole thing, the old USSR, not settling for what they're going to be given.
He wants to annex land and have access to the water.
He's waiting to see after Trump leaves.
Negotiations, like treaties.
The Art of the Deal.
Now I see Israel and the Temple Mount being negotiated.
I see the third temple being negotiated.
It will be rebuilt in exchange for peace.
There's oil in the Mediterranean.
I see 'oil' written across the coastline of Israel in black bold letters with an oil derrick.
At this very moment, a peace deal is being negotiated behind closed doors.
Saudi Arabia is involved.
I see him, and he is behind over here.
He's over here and he is involved.
Iraq—a springing forth of a new time, a dawning of a new time.
You will see Iraq; a fountain of wealth will come out of thee, for things are being dealt with: corruption in your government and new leaders in your government.
You'll see a springing up in the CBI, a new changing of tide.
Basra will be one of the key figures in the end time.
I see Iraq and its Babylon, also great oil wealth.
There are great things there: financial wealth.
Corruption is just like they're pillaging and raping the people of finances, stealing the money out of there, and there's going to be an abrupt halt.
This is attached to Iran.
Key financial people in Iran are doing this, but a Babylon will rise; a stronger Middle East.
You're going to see a stronger Middle East, a stronger front.
Remember the Mahdi.
It's the prelude, the precursor of influence with the world's economies—a pre-birthing of the Antichrist agenda, an Antichrist spirit.
Financial influence comes from this area; it started in this area and it will end in this area.
I hear the Spirit of the Lord say: 'An arising of the Middle East.
' You will see this in the days ahead: trillions of dollars coming up out of that area.
Many people look at it as being Western or Eastern with China.
Watch this area, the BRICS.
A lot of metamorphosis and change is coming.
A lot of change is grabbing onto crypto.
You'll see new banking and a different thinking with the Arabs.
I see oil and gold.
A great influence will start to materialize in the Arab nations.
Watch this: an uprising of economy influencing the world stage.
In this chess match, key plays are going to be made.
Watch in the days ahead for an uprising coming out of the Middle East, set on the center stage, giving this one person key power.
Watch an alliance with the Middle East, a brotherhood knitting them together, forming this evil empire.
You're going to see more about this Antichrist very soon.
An uprising out of the Middle East will influence Africa and go down into Venezuela, trying to interfere in South America.
It tries to have tentacles, preying upon the weaker.
So watch Iraq.
I still see Iran like an unwanted stepchild shrinking back; they're not as strong in this alliance.
I don't understand why with Saudi Arabia—it's like Saudi Arabia doesn't like these people, but they're still Muslims.
I see Saudi Arabia reaching out to certain ones like a bloodline thing.
I'm not familiar with the Muslim faith, but I'm telling you what I've seen.
It goes through all the Arab nations.
The United Arab Emirates—I see their name right now, bolded out.
The Lord is showing me the UAE, Jordan, and all this area becoming more.
Now I see Syria and a brotherhood with Syria; he is like the wounded brother.
They will try to pump money into this leader to make Syria strong.
But there's darkness in Syria.
Turkey is involved.
Syria is like a person who has been wounded fatally on the right side; I see the right leg almost like it's blown off and they're walking with a crutch.
Egypt: a United Islamic Front.
Watch.
And he's the puppet master.
Watch MBS, Muhammad bin Salman.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you show us, these beautiful treasures and visions.
I honor you, Lord; you are the potter, I am the clay.
I humble myself before you, Father, that I am a vessel you can speak through.
I thank you, Lord, that we can change things through prayer as the mysteries of the future are unfolded to the watchmen on the wall.
He is good.
I have to process everything now and make sure I have it all written down.
Braden is my scribe; he keeps everything upright.
China, everything—we went all over the world today.
The great mystery Babylon is about to be judged.
Iraq is about to rise from the ashes.
I saw green palm trees flourishing, vast oil wealth, buildings, and infrastructure—mega buildings being built, skyscrapers similar to Saudi Arabia.
I'm talking about a complete infrastructure change and a rising of the economy, becoming a world stage alongside Saudi Arabia with new leaders getting rid of corruption tied to Iran.
I saw Iraq rising like a world power.
I'm talking about a distribution of wealth to the citizens.
Big money is going to come out of Iraq.
There's going to be a stabilization.
But Iran is still in the background, just so cantankerous.
Don't forget: watch the Middle East.
Watch what happens in the days ahead with the Middle East, with Israel at the forefront.
Peace agreements—things will happen.
Watch for the Third Temple and great oil wealth out of the Mediterranean.
The Middle East: it started there and it will end there.
That's what the Lord says.
Hallelujah.
God, we give You glory, honor, and praise.
For it started there in the Garden and it will end there.
Hallelujah.
Glory to God.
The days ahead are bright—bright for the body of Christ and bright for the remnant.
Trump will fulfill what I've called him to do.
He has a lot of work to do and he must have a lot of prayer.
The Lord says over the next four years through this channel—I hear the Spirit of the Lord say, 'You must bathe Trump in prayer, for he has much to do.
' The Art of the Deal—he's setting the pieces up.
What a time to be living in.
Hallelujah.
Well, if you're new here and you've never been to one of my videos, I know it's different, but we just flow with the Holy Spirit here.
That's what we do.
We flow with the Holy Spirit and we appreciate you being here and praying with us.
I know it's kind of different, like I said, but the best is yet to come.
We appreciate you being here.
If you haven't already, please like, subscribe, and click the notification bell.
And that's basically it today.
I feel released.
I appreciate you being here.
I don't even know how long that went—I know it was a long video—but praise the Lord, it's what He wanted done.
And like I said, if He wants to go two hours, He can.
So, God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.